Woke up with an attitude today
Not in the mood to play (Nah)
Might start a feud with Dre (Yeah)
And ask him to shoot the fade (What it do?)
All i do is spray, spew the hate while I fuel the flames
Who to blame for my screwed-up brain?
You could say, in the booth, I'm A-human A-to-the-K (Aww)
(Hailie, look) Look at them two little beautiful (Yeah)
Pewter gray poodles, how cute are they? (The fuck?)
Well, looks like them pooches are screwed today (I'm)
Stuck in my ruthless ways (Yep), and I refuse to change (Yep)
Nothin' to lose or gain (Nope), guess i just choose to stay
Evil (Yeah), I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
'Cause I'm evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people (Yeah)
My medicines cabinet's big enough to fit a cab in it
Tablets, I spit like half of this capsule
It's travelin' like a javelin
Through my abdomen, my stomach's unravelin'
Might end up havin'
Slim say some shit you feel fucked up for laughin' at, yeah
And I'm phenomenal at it (What?), and that's problematic (What?)
But if y'all fanatics (Huh?), maybe I'm your habit (Yeah)
And i got all the dope (What?)
Too, send me all them addicts (Get 'em all)
And watch me shoot 'em up (Pew,Pew) like semi-automatics (Come on)
Slim snaps like a chin-strap
Had my share of lows, yeah, now I'm the exact (What?)
Oppsite Just like a prostitute when she's gettin' smacked (Now)
Pimp slaps, only way I'm hittin' my bottom
Bitch (Yeah, tahe 'em back)
I was five when they tried to say I stuck a live grenade
Up inside a microwave, I behave like a child, ayy
Even when stakes are high as the price of angus, i filet
By the way, I think I just gave Skylar Gray Hepatitis A (Ew)
But when it's sink-or-swim
I just say, "It's not me, it's him" (Sorry)
There's a demon whos deep within
All i need is MD, or weed, or Henny
Or Jim Beam, or Remy, or Seagram's Gin
Just to get underneath your skin, I would like you to meet my twin
Evil (Yeah), I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
'Cause I'm evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people (Look it up, Yeah)
Holy shit, Cait' Jenner just flipped (Yo)
Told me knock this shit off and quit, and get off her dick (Damn)
And I've had a bad day, I just slapped Dre
Do not tell me what I can't say (Why?)
That's gay (What's wrong with that?)
And not the good kind of gay either (What?)
Where two men fuck each other and hate beaver (Woah)
What the fuck? Wait, we've established
I'm straight, see, the (NO)
Way they try to make me the devil, the atheist (Oh)
Shit can get a lot worse, these are my first thoughts
Johnny Walker, this is my third shot (Yeah)
And I don't stop 'til the shots heard, pops for blocks
Got the Mossberg cocked (What?)
Couple choppers, two Glocks, a 2Pac shirt, doctors, and boxers dropped
Lookin' akward as I walk into Oxford (Stop, the fuck?)
So much ammunition, I sweat lead
And just bought you a new bedspread for your deathbed (Ha)
And I just got it made like Special-Ed said
Word to Redman, I'm a meth-head
Used to get fed pet meds by my redneck stepdad
'Til i beat his ass to death with a cassette deck (Ah)
So much bloodshed that when he bled from his head gash (Yeah)
It's kinda like I'm a bookworm (Huh?)
'Cause I ain't stoppin' 'til everything gets read
Call this sex-ed with a splash of necrophilia (What?)
'Cause when I say that I'm really the evilest
I'm fuckin' deadass (I'm fuckin' deadass, haha)
Maybe what i need now more than likely's a psych eval'
Mama, how do you like me now? (Huh?)
Are you proud of me yet, Debbie? (Huh?)
I done turned my whole life around
But i think I'm just like you now because I turned out so fuckin'
Evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
'Cause I'm evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
