Ride with me
Ride with me
Ride with me
Yeah, yeah

The city is pretty when it's dead just like a flower
What color's the CN Tower? It's red tonight
Just like the text I sent you from the bed tonight
Read it 'cause I finally think I said things right

Thought you caught me slippin', had me dead to rights
Nothin' ever happened, girl, they fed you lies
Like a tiny house out back, I'm tryna shed some light
(Some things that you been hearin' 'bout me)

City is prеtty when it's dead just like a flowеr
What color's the CN Tower? It's blue now
Like how I'm feelin' 'bout you now
I was too down, tell me what to do now, oh
City is pretty when it's dead just like a flower
What color's the CN Tower? It's lit up green (It's lit up green)
Like the envy in people's eyes, gettin' in between (In between)
Tryna sleep it off, but I just see you in my dreams
Ayy

I don't have your contact anymore
You blocked me, I lost you, it's a back and forth
Think I even hit your email as a last resort
Did you really read the message that I sent before?
Thought I laid that shit out perfect, put it on the floor
Put it on my son, I put it on the Lord
What else can I swear on, girl? There's nothing more
Why did you cut this thing off like you had somethin' more?
'Cause I just asked around, I just asked around
Your friends can't hold water, girl, they'd rather see you drown
Know they tell me everything when I end up downtown
And what? And what? Buy another round
And what do I know now? Surprise, surprise
I heard you ain't found nobody that's a ride or die
I heard that you went through hell and gotta dry your eyes
You pretend to be so happy, it's a bold faced lie
So why, why do you lie, baby?

Oh
The city is pretty when it's dead just like a flower
What color's the CN Tower? It's red tonight
Just like the text I sent you from the bed tonight
Read it 'cause I-

Back with a plan tonight (Alright)
Cancel Japan tonight (Alright)
Tokyo down for the boy (Alright)
But the plane is on land tonight (Alright)
Girl, I'm a fan in real life (Alright)
You don't even post on that site (Alright)
The price, it definitely would've spiked (Alright)
Touchpad, turn off the lights (Alright)

The love (The love for you), the love (The love for you)
The love that I have for you is-
I came to the-
Out in Canada (The club)
Hundred thousand dollars (Oh)
Could've left that shit for real (For real)
Love at first sight when I met that bitch for real
For sure was a vibe, but I had to keep it player
Tellin' all the guys I'm not gon' take you there
Now's not the time to fall, but girl, come here, uh
I'm, I'm, I'm tryna sleep it off, girl, I see ya
I see ya, oh, in my dreams
Oh, in my dreams
Yeah, in my dreams