Does my hair look beautiful?
Yeah
Do my titties look right?
You think I can knock a boy off right now?
All the girls that's here for the truth
Come put both hands on the DJ booth
Then wine your waist to the big man sound
Man I get too stiff 'cause that ting's too round good God
Make me lift up your gown
But your face so sweet wanna spin you around
If I go link gang I'll bring you around
If I go to the bar I'll bring you around
Which one?
Which one?
You're not like the tings you're around
You're a real good girl so I'm bringin' you down
But come to the bed I'll fling you around weh
These guys can't make songs for the gyal dem
Trust me this how the single should sound
**** anyone that's bringing you down
Sweetheart you're doing your thing right now good God
Yeah all the girls that's here for the truth
Come put two hands 'round the DJ booth
Then wine your waist pon a real good yute dem
You want Cench or your ex which one?
You want friends or success which one?
Tell the sound man "Spin this one"
Play this for the gyal dem party dun
God forbid a girl's tryna have fun
I got X if you wanna take drugs
Do you wanna have sex or do you wanna make love?
Which one?
Which one?
Which one?
Which one?
Got a fairy ting and I got a witch one
A G'd up ting that I bring sticks 'round
And I've got a good girl good girl snitch one
Too many gyal now I gotta switch one
Turn the hotel to a twenty-V-one
Three-sixty my head got spun
Junk in the trunk can see it from front
Girl your body is tea it's pain I'm sprung
Your backside weighin' you down one ton
I got a chopstick for your wonton
Tell me what you want what you really really want
Put coin in the slot ya just hit jackpot
Aye
All the girls that's here for the truth
Come put two hands on the DJ booth
Then wine your waist for the 6-side yute and
Put your head inna da pillow face first
Face first face first face first
Aye face first face first
Put your head inna da pillow face first
I'm in a jam know the mandem burst
You got makeup on the white shirt
I wanna **** on your face and skirt
You need to throw that ting inna reverse
Then work work work work work
Yeah work work work work work
Your last man broke your heart and it hurts
You could cry out ya eye and curse
You want diamond watch you want purse
You don't need swimsuit take off your shirt
Bend your back gyal don't say a word
Face of a angel I come like church
I can't wait girl I'm not a waiter
But you're sexy you still get served
I'm at the Claridge's in London burss
Put your head inna da pillow face first
Yeah all the girls that's here for the truth
Come put two hands on the DJ booth
Then wine your waist for the 6-side yute dem
Aye you want Cench or your ex which one?
You want friends or success which one?
Tell the sound man "Spin this one"
Play this for the gyal dem party dun